DIRECTIONS: 
You can click on the lighter blue "minimap" to move change your view to another spot on the map. The small red dots on the mini map are ships. Each team has two destroyers.
The larger red dots on the regular map are places you need to avoid (bombs) or else they will blow up part of your ship and reduce its overall health (HP). If you see the center of your ship explode, that means you have been hit. Each bomb does 200 damage to your HP and the ships will automatically fire when they are within range of one other. Each ship, both your two ships and the two enemy ships, start with 1000 HP. Once they reach 0 HP they are destroyed.

CONTROLS:
Clicking at the bottom right of the window increases the speed of your currently selected ship. Clicking the bottom left of the window decreases the speed of your currently selected ship. Clicking the bottom middle of the window causes the ship to continue at its current speed. 
Clicking at the top left of the window will turn your currently selected ship left 45 degrees (counterclockwise rotation). Clicking at the top right of the window will turn your currently selected ship right 45 degrees (clockwise rotation). Clicking the top middle of the window will cause your ship to stop turning and stay facing in that exact direction.
You can click the right side of the window to switch between your two ships, the "Missouri" and the "Iowa." The flashing red circle around one of your ships means that ship is your currently selected ship. 
In the "Heads Up Display," which is just the 6 lines of text on your screen, the first line displays the name of your ship, the second line displays which direction you are facing (in degrees), the third line is the speed of your ship (0.000 is stopped and maximum speed is 1.0), the fourth line is your current ships coordinates, the fifth line is your current ships health (HP), and the final line is where your camera is at on the map, your "view." Starting "view" at the beginning of the game is at coordinates (0,0).
You can either click on the mini map to change where your camera is positioned or you can click and drag the regular map (the darker blue color) to pan the camera around. 
